[Music]
there is one rule between our people one
law we are always watch see the bogeyman
just stuck his gnarly skin covered mask
out from behind that closet door and
people are putting their [ __ ] pants
back on
fear is dangerous
[Music]
it can drive us apart again watch you're
very cute you and I never been in a room
before not toe to toe and there ain't
nobody save you right now if you don't
protect what belongs to you then sooner
or later it belongs to someone else
look man if it's all the same to you I
just stay here and pick tomatoes and
bury corpses you can fight you are low
on fighter's peanut butter meat jelly
that's awesome good on you putting your
stuff to use
ever wonder if this is all there is
sometimes I think we're just surviving
and fight to the nice
[Music]
no more fun
let's get on the bike and go head out
west
see you [ __ ]
somehow it's harder the second time
around especially when you get used to
having someone there partner McBride
[Music]
if we get caught on their side of the
border that's it that's war what'd I
tell you about crossing my border you
have to be punished [ __ ] has to die
you want to go back don't you huh kick
soccer go all night
this is my lamb man
we better rock
it is going to get worse before it gets
better but we aren't gonna get through
it at all if we do not act as one
you should AMA sorry if I didn't want my
best friend to spend her whole life on a
boat best friend
what are you at sin should we have
matching bracelets now forget it
no I could make someone's fisherman's
twine decorate him really cute tiny
little seashells
I got an idea why don't we eat and not
[Music]
you